48 modifications based on aw feedback (#50)
siamakn/temp-nomad-onboarding-workshop: docs/Module2/M2_x_explore_tab.md

Reviewer: Here, a new term, i.e. "menu" is used along to "tab", "section".

Reviewer: ## Searching by Entries
To begin exploring NOMAD based on entries, select "Entries" from the EXPLORE menu.

I suggest to rephrase the first part of this sentence. I see that you have defined the pages above, however, "base on entries" is not clear. 
And we are talking about exploring the data in NOMAD - not exploring NOMAD it self. 

So my suggestion, whould be something like this:
To explore the data on NOMAD across all domains, ......

Reviewer: ### Main Search Interface
With over 13 million entries: update with the current number.

- **Experiment**: Explore data from experimental sources, such as ELNs (Electronic Lab Notebooks) or characterization techniques e.g., EELS (Electron Energy Loss Spectroscopy).
- **Use Cases**: Search data tailored to specific use cases, like Solar Cells or Metal-Organic Frameworks (MOFs).

??? details "What are **Entries** in NOMAD?"

>     Entries are individual simulations, workflows, or measurements that have been uploaded to NOMAD. Each entry contains detailed metadata, making it possible to be searched, and subsequently analyzed, and reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Entries are individual simulations, workflows, or measurements that have been uploaded to NOMAD. Each entry contains detailed metadata, making it possible to be located, analyzed, and reused.

```

> ### Filtering by Material and its Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Filtering by Material

```

Reviewer: The Material filter includes to sub-filters. Elements/Formula and Structure/Symmetry.
So I think its valid to keep the title general , and then dive into the both sub-filters in the text.

> Let's start with a search based on material structure. The **Elements / Formula** tab allows you to filter entries by specific elements or chemical formulas. For instance, if you are interested in hexagonal boron nitride, select the B and N from the periodic table. As you select elements, the user interface dynamically updates, narrowing down the search results and altering the heatmap accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start with a search based on materials. The **Elements / Formula** sub-menu allows you to filter entries by specific elements or chemical formulas, while the **Structure / Symmetry** sub-menu allows you to filter entries by crystal strucutre or dimensionality. For instance, if you are interested in hexagonal boron nitride, select the B and N from the periodic table. As you select elements, the user interface dynamically updates, narrowing down the search results and altering the heatmap accordingly. <!-- is heatmap an accurate term here? -->

```

> Filters are displayed in their respective sections, and you can remove individual filters or clear all filters to reset your search. The principle remains the same across different filter types — whether you are using the periodic table, formula input fields, structure/symmetry filters, or properties filters, your search is refined progressively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The applied filters are displayed in their respective sub-menus, and you can remove individual filters or clear all filters to reset your search. The principle remains the same across different filter types — whether you are using the periodic table, formula input fields, structure/symmetry filters, or properties filters, your search is refined progressively.

```

For example, you could filter down to materials with only two atoms of B and N, and further narrow it to those with hexagonal symmetry. The available filter options will adjust based on your selections, ensuring that the filters remain relevant to the data you are exploring. To be more clear, once you select the hexagonal symmetry, the Bravais lattice options relevant to the cubic symmetry disappear.

### Method Filter

> Under the **Method** tab, you can control the applied physics method. This allows you to specify whether you are looking for simulation data (e.g., DFT) or experimental data (e.g., EELS). For example, you could filter h-BN data down to only those entries created using VASP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the **Method** menu, you can control the applied method. This allows you to specify whether you are looking for simulation data (e.g., DFT) or experimental data (e.g., EELS). For example, you could filter h-BN data down to only those entries created using VASP.

```

### Properties Filter

> The **Properties** filter tab allows you to focus on specific calculated or measured properties. For example, if you are interested in electronic properties, you can filter entries to display only those with available band structure or density of states data etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Properties** section allows you to focus on specific calculated or measured properties. For example, if you are interested in electronic properties, you can filter entries to display only those with available band structure or density of states data etc.

```

### Adding the Filters to the Search Interface

> You can customize your search interface by pinning filter items from any filter tab to the search page. Clicking the **(+)** button adds the selected filter to your custom search interface, allowing you to use them side by side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize your search interface by pinning filter items from any filter (sub)menu to the search page. Clicking the **(+)** button adds the selected filter to your custom search dashboard, allowing you to use them side by side.

```

??? question "Do you think a bandgap filter exist?"
    How will you find out if there is a filter for bandgap of materials in NOMAD? Does it give the bandgap value or the direct/indirect characteristic?

??? tip "Hint"

>     - Try different terms or combinations of the words that seem logical or intuitive to you in the search bar. In this case it might incluidng "bandgap", "band gap", "band_gap" etc. Look at the search bar suggestions, to see if you can find the one you were looking for. Do the same for "direct" or "indirect".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Try different terms or combinations of the words that seem logical or intuitive to you in the search bar. In this case it might including "bandgap", "band gap", "band_gap" etc. Look at the search bar suggestions, to see if you can find the one you were looking for. Do the same for "direct" or "indirect".

```
